python3 spkmeans.py 3 spk tests/input1.txt
python3 spkmeans.py 3 spk tests/input2.txt
python3 spkmeans.py 3 spk tests/input3.txt
python3 spkmeans.py 3 spk tests/input4.txt
python3 spkmeans.py 3 spk tests/input5.txt
python3 spkmeans.py 3 spk tests/input6.txt
python3 spkmeans.py 3 spk tests/input7.txt
python3 spkmeans.py 0 spk tests/input1.txt
python3 spkmeans.py 0 spk tests/input2.txt
python3 spkmeans.py 0 spk tests/input3.txt
python3 spkmeans.py 0 spk tests/input4.txt
python3 spkmeans.py 0 spk tests/input5.txt
python3 spkmeans.py 0 spk tests/input6.txt
python3 spkmeans.py 0 spk tests/input7.txt
python3 spkmeans.py 0 wam tests/input1.txt
python3 spkmeans.py 0 wam tests/input2.txt
python3 spkmeans.py 0 wam tests/input3.txt
python3 spkmeans.py 0 wam tests/input4.txt
python3 spkmeans.py 0 wam tests/input5.txt
python3 spkmeans.py 0 wam tests/input6.txt
python3 spkmeans.py 0 wam tests/input7.txt
python3 spkmeans.py 0 ddg tests/input1.txt
python3 spkmeans.py 0 ddg tests/input2.txt
python3 spkmeans.py 0 ddg tests/input3.txt
python3 spkmeans.py 0 ddg tests/input4.txt
python3 spkmeans.py 0 ddg tests/input5.txt
python3 spkmeans.py 0 ddg tests/input6.txt
python3 spkmeans.py 0 ddg tests/input7.txt
python3 spkmeans.py 0 lnorm tests/input1.txt
python3 spkmeans.py 0 lnorm tests/input2.txt
python3 spkmeans.py 0 lnorm tests/input3.txt
python3 spkmeans.py 0 lnorm tests/input4.txt
python3 spkmeans.py 0 lnorm tests/input5.txt
python3 spkmeans.py 0 lnorm tests/input6.txt
python3 spkmeans.py 0 lnorm tests/input7.txt

